General von do video gaming enthusiasts
from everyone to Terra tech today i am
going to be building a buckaroo mech
this is a continuation of my party man
chair that have built a while back so
now i'm going to do the speed build of
this awesome buckaroo mech and i'll
catch you all later
Oh
you
member
here we are with the finished product
the Booker route and it's not too bad if
i say so for myself it does actually
rock and I all that should be tweeting
this as I am right now just got a name
it book Oh route now I'm going to tweet
this and click tweet there we go so now
you can actually load this up from my
Twitter page I'll leave it a link in the
description is also a link in my channel
page as always and now one get to do is
big this face off against the party man
chair see who is the most dominant
person that couldn't sit on something
while it's rocking about so let's load
up potty man chair so now here we go
boker route versus party man chair baka
route has the advantage because baka
route has wheels whiles party man chair
is a stationary target with spikes for
feet so it may not be as defenseless as
you may think and of clashed and
buckaroos is pushing poem and chair off
the edge slowly let's have some music
shall we
I'm going to have to end it here guys I
hope you enjoyed this video of the book
root in Terra tech and if you enjoyed
this video please leave a like if you
haven't already subscribe to the channel
and I'll see you all next time
I'll chose a stupid girl